Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session.
Oh, you lucky sons of bitches.
We had a goody in store for you tonight. Please keep the emotions high.
The hands clapping for the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Dance break. Come quietly or there will be entertainment. Robocop, the original Robocop.
I'm going to go to my grave protecting its vision. Sick of it.
These are the Robocop photos of the guy who looks like Batman.
Looks like Batman. Just call it Batman. Sick of it.
I don't care who's sick of hearing about it. Sick of this new Robocop shit.
It's a good movie. It's as good as Casablanca. It's as good as Citizen Kane.
You don't remake those things. Everyone would be offended if you tried to remake them.
Just because it's about a Robocop doesn't mean you're allowed to just go over there and pee a little bit and see what takes.
You wouldn't do that with a so-called classic film.
I haven't seen the artwork you're talking about.
This is a guy. He looks like Batman. It's black and it's rubber.
You know that someone's going to go, Robocop, there's a crime happening.
There's going to be a thing where he goes, I'm Robocop. I'm online.
My prime directive is to get jiggy.
He's going to jump in a CG thing up two towers and off of a roof and land.
It's going to look like Spider-Man.
You're going to go, why is that Robocop? Robocop's a tank.
Robocop was awkward. Robocop was an original concept. Robocop was a guy encased in ridiculous silver metal.
I don't want to get off on a lot of tangents tonight.
Again, the hallmark of Harmontown. Focus.
I want to focus. Tonight's theme is...
I'm just going to look at my cell phone.
Let's diagnose me.
I thought in the past that maybe I have Asperger's.
I don't know if I do or not.
Having met Adam Goldberg, who's a frequent attendee of ours.
There he is. He's right center audience.
Adam, say something just to support my case.
You think that I have Asperger's. That's correct.
You can tell. You can feel it.
I have Asperger's.
He also has a lot of rage.
I'm starting to think, okay, now maybe I don't have it.
Am I bipolar?
No.
Who said no? A bipolar person said no.
Are you bipolar?
Why were you so confident that I'm not bipolar?
There's a common thread between everything you do.
There's a rational streak.
Nothing you say just enters into the realm of what the fuck was that.
Why are you an expert in bipolarism?
Do you have a family member?
One. We see him sometimes.
Sometimes he's not there.
Maybe you're bipolar.
No. Don't throw him under the bus.
He's here to report.
I feel like I'm in a good mood tonight and sometimes I'm sad.
But that's everyone.
That's people.
I think Dan, I don't know what you would call this,
but you have certain superpowers
and any super power is going to give you a deficiency in some other way.
For instance, we know that whatever my power is,
it takes away from bathing.
Is that like, do we have super dirt?
Do you know what angers me?
This is why I don't go to a therapist is because this is what stopped me
after going to 11 therapists is that I was Googling around.
I'm like, what's wrong with me?
What is my ism? What's my itis?
I was Googling around and I'm typing in symptoms like psychologically.
I want to know. Solve me. Help me.
Lift the hood. Optimus my prime.
I found a thing that matched a lot of my symptoms.
It used to be called Christ complex.
But then because that's too western,
they started calling it superiority complex.
That's when I stopped believing in psychology
because you wish you could diagnose everyone that's better than you.
Fuck you. Fool me 3,000 times.
Fuck you. There's a disease called guy that's awesome.
Fuck you. That's amazing. That's not fair.
Do you think you're actually better than people or do you think...
I'm pretty sure I'm all right.
I get the distinct impression that I'm fine.
Who are people that you think are better than you
that have skills that you wish you had?
The Coen brothers.
And Robocop.
And Greg Proups, who is our guest tonight.
Greg Proups is here tonight.
And I wanted it to be a surprise.
I wanted to surprise you guys.
I fucked it. I fucked it up.
I want to take a survey because I want to shame Jeff.
I want to get to the bottom of this.
Applaud if the reason you're here tonight...
I have to word this carefully because you all love Greg.
Everyone should love Greg.
But applaud if the clincher for you coming tonight
was that you knew Greg was going to be here.
That's Greg Proups.
That's the loudest applause coming from the Greg Proups section.
And by section I mean Greg Proups in the corner.
So I'm just saying that you get a promotional value
out of saying Greg Proups is here.
But here's what I wanted.
I wanted to play Dungeons & Dragons tonight
and have us get into really dire circumstances,
like being a real dungeon hard rock place.
And then go, what are we going to do?
And then have Greg come in like Carmine Regusso in Happy Days
and just bail us out.
Will he have a wife beater on?
Yeah.
I grew up in...
Okay, there was a show called Happy Days.
There was also a show called Laverne & Shirley.
Laverne & Shirley was spun off of Happy Days.
Gary Marshall produced both of them.
Carmine Regusso was the sexy guy on Laverne & Shirley.
So he became a part of the Happy Days milieu.
They did an episode of Happy Days
where Richie was supposed to fight some bullies
and then Fonz showed up and then everybody
had their own gang.
And then there was this scene where these bullies were like,
yeah, is that all you got?
And then you heard Carmine Regusso,
it's like, oh, I go from rags to riches.
And this 47-year-old man,
like, sidled under the stage and the audience went nuts
because it was Carmine from a different sitcom
that was also successful.
It was a golden age of TV. It was amazing.
We can edit all this explanation out.
This never happened. I'm sorry.
You guys missed a lot by being 25.
You think that you get more. You get less.
I'm going to die and then there's going to be
10 years after I die when it's just hot
and there's just locusts. That's it.
And maybe a couple holograms.
Big deal.
And it's going to be flickering marble.
That's all a hologram is.
It's just going to be a statue of a guy that invented holograms.
And it's going to turn.
And it's going to go, you know,
in order to make sure you know it's a hologram,
every, you know, you know that.
You know that.
Fucking dicks.
So is it time to diagnose you after that rant?
I don't know. We'll have to bring shrinks up.
That's what I'm proposing.
Why don't we have Greg Proups diagnose you?
That guy. That narcissist.
All right.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's bring our
surprise guest to the stage, Mr. Greg Proups.
Thank you.
Still dances, 80.
Yeah. You were doing the mud dance.
I was. I love your tiger fit.
We had a good time last week.
Let's desperately and joylessly try to recreate it.
Let's just make the same thing happen all over again.
I don't think you're maybe mildly Asperger.
Do you get depressed?
Yeah, I do.
I'm actually depressive reactive or manic.
But you don't get manic. Depressive reactive.
Yeah. You know, like, you don't.
Do you have periods where you like write
20,000 pages of dialogue?
Yeah. Okay.
Manic depressive.
Yeah.
The best part of manic depressive is the giddy mania.
Yeah. Because you get so much done.
No, I, yeah.
Well, I'm going to, if that were me,
I would be on a high tonight.
I'm like manic tonight.
I feel like even though there are nights
when I come up here and we're doing this once a week now.
There are nights when I come up here and they
far outnumber this type of night.
There are nights when I come up here and I go,
what am I doing? Why am I doing this?
It's a justifiable question.
Why did they pay $10?
It doesn't make any sense. What am I supposed to do?
Except, honestly, express the fact that I
don't belong up here and I hate myself.
And then there's nights like tonight
where I'm like Robin Williams.
I'm like, oh, I've got a cup on my head.
I'm Mr. Cuphead.
And, and, and, and the...
Strum Thurmond.
Yo, hey, yo.
Help me, Lou.
You're starting to look like a...
All right.
But yeah, something's wrong with me.
No, I think the manic part's what I wish I had.
I was more hyper, I think.
I'm more of a depressive stoner than anything else
even though I'm pretty hyper.
I don't have the periods where I write the novel
and then you do and that's what I wish I had.
Well, what can we trade?
Yes, please.
Because I don't have the periods where I go on tour
and everyone wants to talk to me.
I don't have the periods where I make everyone around me happy.
Quick, quick change.
Greg, you don't really like...
You don't love being out like in a bunch of people
swarming over you after a show,
but you're on the road all the time.
I am.
So you love the acclaim and the...
Well, I don't do it for the acclaim.
I do it because of Edith Piaf.
I do it because of the art.
But the acclaim is nice.
I mean, the difference is
I'm not a lawyer, you know what I mean?
Or a tax collector.
I'm not a venal member of society.
I'm not a publican.
You know, that people come up...
What's the word in the Bible?
Were they a render under Caesar and all that?
You know, like one of the disciples is a tax collector
for the Romans because they farmed it out.
And people are bummed when they see you
if you're a lawyer or you're a dickhead.
Like, I saw Karl Rove in an airport
and I was like, ugh.
You know what I mean?
I didn't go like, oh, Karl Rove's here.
This is awesome.
It's usually, aren't you the guy on the thing?
Right.
And then I go, yeah, and then I explain who I am.
No, so people are usually happy
to see you because you're a comedian.
So they associate you with a moment of joy in their life
as opposed to, oh, I saw you
and you raised my fucking taxes in the 80s.
The last time I saw your face
I was finding out it's illegal
to have a right knee.
Exactly.
All I want to do is pour a ton of manure on your lawn.
Well, I'm looking at my phone.
I need to remind people because it's almost October
and it certainly will be October
by the time you're hearing this podcast.
I think you'll find it's rocktober.
And right now it's the end of September.
Yes, September just finished.
It's very important if you care about this podcast
that you dress like Jarith from the labyrinth
for Halloween.
That's David Bowie's character from the labyrinth.
Dress like him for Halloween.
I get two things on the docket to talk about
before we play Dungeons and Dragons.
Docket tuck.
Apple friend finder.
And life after death.
One in the same.
Yeah.
Guys all signed up
for your friend finder app.
There's a new friend finder.
I signed up because of you.
You invited me so now I know
at all times that you are at home
and Dino is at the drawing room.
I thought it would take a year
for you to actually
register this thing.
I'm probably going to turn it off.
I didn't think you would take to the idea
of people watching your location.
But the thing is I don't have a girlfriend.
If I had a girlfriend and I could see
where she was at all times,
I'd blow my brains out.
But you don't have a girlfriend so why do you care?
The thought of that stressed me out.
You have a girlfriend.
It's going to destroy your relationship.
Knowing where each other are is going to destroy you.
First of all I don't care where she is.
Second of all I like
the idea of her caring where I am.
I like that she can see where I am.
It's going to destroy you.
I'll see you when we continue.
Next topic.
Greg, do you have any idea what we're talking about?
I adore apps. I think they're so useful.
That's great proof. Give them a big hand everybody.
Great to have you.
We'll see you next week.
There's a reason why we bring them back.
You've been a real treat.
Get the fuck back up. We sit down.
Dungeon Master, come up and set your
dungeon troves up.
Spenser everybody.
Dungeon Master extraordinaire.
For those of you just tuning in
we have a
we have a Dungeon Master who's bearded,
ponytailed and got a bag full of
dice.
This is the ongoing saga
in the campaign of
Sharpie Buttsalot
Corp.
And Greg
made a late entry as a unicorn character
last time.
Time and all with Codeine.
All right.
Greg, what do you think happens after you die?
You mean in this game?
No, no, no.
I was going to say Spenser writes it down on a piece of paper
and then it's logged forever in the anals of
Dungeons and Dragons.
After we die I have the slightest notion
I hope that it's
a fantasy world of what you wanted
in your life. If there's any justice
and I know this is going to sound wildly sentimental
to this crowd of youngsters but
I want to be with my wife after I
die. Me too.
High five
heard around the world.
I hope
it's fun after we die.
I hope it's not a
terrible, you know like in the sci-fi movies
where you wander through a universe where clocks fly
by and then there's an odd random duck
and then a book and then a dude
in 18th century with a wig on comes by
and you're like, was that Coleridge?
And you're like, what the fuck was that?
That to me seems kind of tedious.
I don't like the purgatory limbo.
No one wants to do that forever.
That's the seventh time I've seen Taft.
Right.
Not noteworthy.
Not deserving of my time tunnel.
Does Taft have an eternal home or what the fuck?
Are they supposed to save him?
Are they supposed to talk him into eating less?
I mean, it's past the fact.
I like the Elysian fields,
you know, Greek mythology part where it's just
you know, eternal rivers and fruit and whatnot
and I would like there to be
a big bag of weed that just never goes down.
You know, you reach into it and like, fuck,
it's still the same level. Instead of that
disappointing, oh fuck, I'm down to the last one.
I wonder if animals, like there's got to be
an animal that thinks while it's dying.
Oh shit, I'm dying.
We think that that's the big difference.
I think elephants, right?
Well, it seems to be that way.
At least they mourn each other after they're gone.
But that might not, that might be,
that's not evidence of anything.
That's how we express the fact that
we think about the fact that we're dying.
We bury each other.
And what's odd is that Neanderthals
buried each other, which we are not Neanderthals.
We're not descendants of them.
We're cousins of them.
The same way we were chimps and gorillas.
Didn't we kill the Neanderthals?
Yeah, we hunted them to extinction.
Whatever we are.
That's why I didn't understand that fucking ABC show.
It made no goddamn sense.
I kept making Neanderthal puns and
Cro-Magnon puns and it was like,
make up your mind where human beings
we descended from.
My beef with cavemen
was that they had a lot of
makeup and teeth in
and they couldn't enunciate.
There was a lot of
lisping and slurring going on.
They shot it single camera, but it mainly took place
at and their places of work.
They really should have just made it
The pilot of cavemen that wasn't the one
they aired, but the one they got it picked up
that was just flagrantly racist?
Not racist, just too racial.
Yeah, but like, yeah.
I don't think it was racist.
Cavemen have big dicks and dance really well.
It was pretty
on the nose.
And they're often named stuff like A.J.
and Scuttlebutt and whatnot.
I get what you're saying, bro.
My mind says that focus groups were uncomfortable
with the amount of racial allegory.
Which, having seen it, I agree.
Now, that could mean two things.
That people think it's racist
or that people thought it was hack
to keep going to that well.
And I did think, having watched the pilot,
I was like, we get it!
What happens in the afterworld?
Yeah, exactly. How did we get on?
No, I'm asking you.
What do you think, Dan? This is my biggest fear.
Prince said you can always see the sun.
He said, and night, night.
I take Proup's answer
who cares, who knows, who we don't know.
But the thing that terrifies me
is something that this
my original Dungeon Master
Graham said at one point
when we were in high school
he said, well,
when you die
your awareness
gets bisected
moment by moment
and you become
the moment
before your death
as you approach it
it gets increasingly small
and if you cut
a number that measures
time in half
you can cut it in half an infinite number of times
which means that the moment
you die
you may have
the last thought that you ever had
forever
in your life
that
that bummed me out
I was 17 when I heard that
and I don't know what you're talking about
I was like, God forbid
you be eating a graham cracker
and a bus hit you
and now for the next 550 million years
you're like, good graham cracker
that's hell, that's hell
Here comes President Toph
he's eating a whole box of graham crackers
You want to go out like Michael Keaton
for that movie
150 years ago, people died a lot younger
death was a part of reality
people faced death, it was a thing
you could die young, you could die old
people were mainly like, don't fuck my wife
that's only mostly
went out I think
did I ever tell you the story
did I ever tell you
wait, wait, sorry
did I ever tell you the story of Schrab's interpretation
of the
you know that major Tom song
the 80's version
of the major Tom song
4, 3, 2, 1
Greg who sings that
Greg who sings that song
probably Greg, I can't remember
but it was like this major Tom
and at one point Ground Control says
hey are you still up there
and Tom who's in space says
send my wife my love
then nothing more
that's the narrator saying there was nothing more
I was talking about that song with Schrab
and Schrab was like
God that's fucking badass man
and I was like yeah that is pretty
it gets you in the ribs
it's not Citizen Kane
but it's like Kevin Klein and Dave
it hits a spot
and he's like yeah, yeah I know
it's just like the guy's out in space
and he's about to lose contact
and the last thing he's thinking is don't fuck my wife
and I said what?
and he's like no
it's like give my wife my love
then nothing more
like don't also give her
no Rob, no Rob
you don't understand where the quotation marks end
he thought that the guy was
going out into space
it's like give my wife my love
and don't give her your dick you fucking
you horny bastards
I know she's hot
I met her at an astronaut bar
Kevin I know it's gonna be you
you fucking cack
my favorite is our friend Matt Young
you know the song Panama by Van Halen
oh yeah
there's that breakdown where
David Lee Roth goes
run a little bit hot tonight
can barely see the road and the heat coming off it
reach down between my legs
ease the seat back
my friend Matt Young thought
and it was his favorite song and I can't blame him
when he thought the lyrics were
reach down between my legs
ease the seed bag
is there any grosser way
to imagine
first of all
the idea that they would have had the imagination
to say seed bag
seed bag
I don't want to think of it as a seed bag
but if you had one
you'd need to ease it once in a while
I constantly do
the last thing you need to do is tense the seed bag
every time I sometimes
have occasion to like
48% of our audience knows what I mean
sometimes you have to ease the
seed bag
sometimes you have to reach between your legs
especially when it's running hot
and it has no place in rock and roll
I can barely see the road because of the heat
it's running
easy seed bag
you know my comes and coming
Spencer everybody
Spencer our dungeon master
if you'd be so kind as to recap
and take us up to date where we are
in the campaign
when we last met
our heroes were in a tavern
they were hearing
some rumors about a burnt building
that was rumored to be from the
embermaller rumor
and it was pretty meta
in pursuit of the beast
they set off
after talking to an old man
about his burnt farm
they ended up in a burnt field
where they saw a most miraculous sight
a unicorn
Tylenol with codeine
was a wonderful unicorn
oh
for fuck's sake
steady boy
steady
and with his help
they defeated the embermaller
then they returned to turn in their quest
to ferris the captain of the wardens
so you guys were just talking to ferris last
back in this town which is named what
hawk thorn what's it called
thorn vale
ferris the captain of the wardens
did we part ways with the unicorn
he ran off but
you may come back
they run fast
they can just come in anywhere
do you guys want your characters?
can you pass these down?
character sheets are being distributed
i've seen this thing announced
5 or 7 times and i still have no idea
what goes on
you totally lost the first one
i didn't lose shit
guys don't fight
alright so you were just talking to ferris
you had just gotten 14
100 gold pieces from him
as a reward
go
well enjoy your reward
you have slain the embermall
and you have shown most bravery
in such circumstances
let me leave you
one last tanker to veil before i take my leave
this guy is alright
this guy seems pretty cool
sharpie what's next?
i don't know
i feel like you and i need to level up
you mean make out?
no
how do we level up
i don't know what you're talking about
we should
are we in that tavern
spencer?
ferris was in the tavern
i'm going to go up to cha-cha
how's it going?
hey cha-cha
listen
good tip
good tip on that embermall
yes i heard you took him out
very impressive
did you have any help?
we had a unicorn drop by
he sat on my face for a while
i'm not sure where that got us
but we certainly got out of there alive
a unicorn? those are quite rare
was it Tylenol with codeine?
the very same
Tylenol with codeine
with a conny forest to the south
oh
maybe we should go
hang out with him
i'd like to
once you've had a unicorn sit on your head
for a half an hour
you never go back
was that like a days walk to the south?
it'd be about half a days walk
cha-cha what's
in it for us if we go down to the south
and hang out with a unicorn?
i just told you where he stays
you got weird
what's in it for us?
that's a weird thing to ask
time gentlemen please
we're not open all night here in Thornvale
you don't have to go home
but you can't stay here
let's get some horses in head south
can we get some horses?
yes there's a stable
a bit south of the tavern called Coran's Horses
don't they have a jingle?
there's a commercial for Coran's Horses
Coran's Horses World
is a wonderful world
of horses
did i hear someone
singing my theme song?
Walter Brennan what are you doing here?
i'm playing
corn in this Dungeons & Dragons
i've been dead
for 30 some years now
i love you and to have and to have not
why thanks
you ever been bit by a dead bee?
hey steve
i haven't got any money for a drink have you?
i'm sorry
we'd like two horses
i'd like to hear the theme song again if you don't mind
Coran's Horses World
is a wonderful world
of horses
alright
it's a bit late and i ain't got many horses left
i only got one
i got this dappled apple looser here
and then i got this tiny goat
who's gonna take the goat?
i'm small i'll take the goat
well barbarian gnome
you can have that here goat there
well Walter Brennan
here's a nip of my brandy
well let me have just a small
oh
well you're doing fools you done got me
you can have these for free you can
where you bound?
south to the
first
well you sound a bit tentative what about
you cappin?
i'll take the apple looser
the apple looser she is
she's already saddled up and mounted for you
and i put some extra weapons in there for you as well
there's an emerald dagger
what
he can just make shit up
we don't get to use our imaginations in this fucking day
no no it's fine it's fine it's fine
i examine the emerald dagger
that Walter Brennan handed me
the dagger is
go on have a look
this guy is so drunk sharpie
the dagger has a silver handle
with a gold pommel if that's a thing
that knives have or dares
it was dubbed to me by a man
who came here not three years ago
this very night
he was heading for the forest too
but he never got there
wait a minute wait a minute
this sounds like worthy of investigation
also he turned into the witch from Wizard of Oz
half way through
that seems an ill boating
something pleasing to the eye
you say a guy gave you that
and then he went off where
really sure did he went off toward the forest
never did see him again
well maybe he shouldn't have given you that dagger
maybe that dagger would come in handy sharpie
oh i think it'll be good luck for you
good on ya
get outta here apple looser whack
after being slapped in the butt
by the horse owner
the horses take off towards the forest
thank god the 1930s
was creeping me out
you reach the forest as dawn
is breaking
you're at the edge of the forest
the path delves into the trees
i examine the path
the path seems
of solid construction well traveled
i fucking love you so much Spencer
i examine the path
the path seems of solid construction
years of people walking on it
have given this path a solidly
constructed
feel the dust is packed tight
with the years gone past
several thousands of feet
more growth has occurred
on either side of it than on it
as walking upon walking
has resulted in less growth
sharpie i got a pretty good feeling
about this path
i think a lot of people have walked this way
two paths diverge
in a yellow wood
is that the only path
spencer? that's the only path you can see
but perhaps if you get farther away
from the path you might find another way in
you're out of the woods
you're out of the dark you're out of the night
do you hear that?
step into the sunset into the light
i hear fairies
i'm not a fairy i'm a guardian
we approach the guardian
this path has been well packed
oh boy
one of these guys
look i like you guys
especially sharpie
the gnome i'm not that hot on
this forest is an exclusive
forest where people party like it's
that's
900 years in the future
it's a year that doesn't exist yet
and that's why it's so hard to get in
i'm gonna let you guys
oh nice dagger
are you looking at my emerald dagger
it's kind of called pommel
i wasn't but that's nice too
you
yes i am looking at your dagger
it glisters like the very emeralds
of the sun
it glitters
a new word
if i present you this dagger
which has been promised to give me luck
through this forest would you let me access
bribest me gnome
you bet your tips
flattery
flattery charges my battery
i'll take the dagger
i need two up front
two up front
i know i'd go from rags to riches
no idea we enter the forest
alright we got into the forest thank god
so exclusive
upon entering
entering the forest
Tylenol with codeine is noted of your presence
he can
do i smell gnome face
Tylenol
gnome
sharpie
hello
what brings you all to my bailiwick
i thought i'd left you after the ember mall was
deceased by the thorns of grander
flask
by the flaming balls of cathy lee gifford
by the huge canyons
of nebraska
who's for drinkledoodles
i'd love one
i could murder a drinkledoodle right now
i've got unicorn punch
and i've got unicorn koolit
what's the difference
about five cents
that's unicorn humor
excuse me while i take a lap
look at him go
Tylenol
what do you think happens after you die
what happens after you die
i am immortal
are unicorns immortal
mostly
we live on forever in people's dreams
they'll never be a unicorn
that doesn't exist
if there's one child thinking of him
or a small boy matriculating
through a catholic school
is there any news
of any fortune to be had
in this forest
indeed at the edge of the forest they say
there lives a man
so dangerous that only spencer can
describe him
Admiral Darkstars
started a cult
deep within the forest of shadows
the forest of shadows
used to be the conny forest
until a dark spell went off
corrupting the branches and very trees
themselves
the shadow forest threatens to overtake
the conny forest home of Tylenol
with codeine unless someone can prevent
the dark influence of the cult
this has been a bummer
most major
for the mornings are eclipsed
by the darkness and the evenings
full of it with fog
you seem pretty upbeat
considering that your forest is about to die
I haven't seen all y'all in a while
where is
this Admiral Darkstar
Admiral Darkstar, right?
even though he is an admiral
upon the land he doth dwell
at the edge of the woods is he
some 50 hectares hence
that's like a couple hundred yards
many more hectares
underestimated I have
for I am equine in brain
and therefore my ability to discern
distances is somewhat impaired
maybe we should camp for the night
indeed, what an idea
I will make a magic fire using my
fucking
I have a hoof
I have a hoof thing I can do
alright we should camp there for the night
we will end that the campaign chapter there
absolutely
Spencher everyone
edit in or edit in and out
point if anyone parked on sunset
in front of Meltdown there are towing cars
in the next 30 minutes
for reals?
wait what did you guys
we did park
if anyone parked on sunset right in front of here
you have 30 minutes they are going to start towing people
we got one taker
two takers
three takers
wait that happens every night
I went to a junior high school
and every fucking
day there was an announcement
through the whole school and they would say
if you are parked on Franklin
or Washington your cars have been marked
because they come by and mark your car
there are spots where they say
you can park there for an hour but we are watching
for the chalk on the tire
and you have to move your car
it was insane it was in a public school
and the teachers would have to bail
they would be in the middle of telling you about the meaning of life
and so a cell
DNA unravels
attention if your car is parked on Franklin
your car has been marked
so I will be right back kids
just
hang on to that thought
when DNA becomes RNA
becomes UNA becomes IDA
I will be right back
and they are going to move their fucking capri
whatever I didn't name the car
my girlfriend's car got
repossessed today
well shit
we were out at the drawing room having a
what I think can only be described
as an elegant daytime cocktail
at one of Los Angeles's
premier shit holes
day drinking and I'm thinking of you
I wonder if there's 8,000 things that can go wrong with your car
when you go to find your car
you left to go pick up
to take Erin to her car that you had left
last night in Hollywood
for safety's sake
and then I got a text from you
I was like where the hell is Dan
and Erin's car has been stolen
because that's what we
we had already been to
the parking in front of a driveway
went to the impound lot, no
that means that it's been stolen
and then the last final
thought from her was
oh it's been repossessed
wasn't really repossessed
I guess so
kittens McTavish
it's no fun
it's no fun to be poor
it's like the least fun thing
next to being rich
those are the two least fun things in America
in that order
being rich and being poor
why is being rich no fun
being rich is no fun
because it actually turns out to be
not as fun as when you were poor
so then you get all bummed out
because you spend
your entire time being poor
craving being rich
and so there's an extra depression to becoming rich
there's a
in
slaughterhouse 5
Billy Pilgrim
like there's a scene
I don't know what you call it in a book
a chapter I call scenes
Billy Pilgrim
Billy Pilgrim is
a prisoner of war and he finds himself
eavesdropping on a group of Nazi soldiers
discussing the
imminent
conquering of America
they know they're in a war with all of Europe
and that America's just joined
this is Billy Pilgrim
Kurt Vonnegut's avatar
he's the protagonist
he's listening outside a window
he's shuffling shit as a prisoner of war
he's listening to the Nazis discuss America
and how are we going to defeat them
what is the Nazis
point of view on America
at the time of this war
and it's just Kurt Vonnegut fucking riffing
about America
it has nothing to do with Nazis
he doesn't give a shit
he's using the Nazis as
a work from work like looking in
and commenting on all of it
what do fascists
think about America
if you were a fascist country how would you
invade America how would you take it over
how would they look at us
and it's a naked
disgusting and vigorating
look at capitalism
through the fascist lens
turns out
not that much distortion
fascism
capitalism they're compatible
they both depend on the idea
that there's a pyramid in place
there's a bunch of people with a bunch of
shit at the top and there's a bunch of
way more people
with a bunch less shit at the bottom
and the way you move up is by
turning people in you know the way you
move up is by clawing over people
the value at the top
is defined by the amount of people
that don't have as much at the bottom
you
it's Mary Kay Cosmetics
it's Amway
it's anything
it's Scientology it's any organization
that has traction
this room
there's been
anecdotal things about
professors who have studied this stuff
in their classrooms there was a professor
who started
as a joke he's like okay my name is
the wave and there's people who are in the wave
it was the equivalent
of the Stanford Prison Experiment
but it was an experiment fascism
I
don't even know enough about this stuff but I know
that we all are primates
we all want
desperately to not be excommunicated
by each other and we all
look to our left
and look to our right and go what am I doing wrong
and is there any way to move up
and sometimes it becomes
very evident by the guy
directly above you fucking up
and you go like well why is that guy above me
he keeps fucking up
really he keeps fucking up tell me more
well yeah this guy above me
keeps fucking up
well would you like his job yes I would
I would like his job
I guess I'm a real hero
yeah
or you're a Nazi
depending on the context
depending on what's going
down the conveyor belt at the bottom
are you measurably
more or less happy having
some money versus being poor
I don't
it's so hard to fucking tell
there's that documentary
there's this thing like
it's like 40,000
a year or something like you peak
at your like that's how happy you are
and that you like
anything beyond that you're
no more happy than anybody
poverty is depressing
not being able to
pay for ramen noodles is depressing
not being behind
in your gas bills and having the government
yell at you getting red envelopes
in your mailbox and having people
knock on your door and go what is the rent
all of that affects
your emotional level as Joey
Lewis the old comic said money isn't everything
but it eases the nerves it sure helps
but there's a certain
point where those knocks stop and the red envelopes stop
and the ramen noodles are easy to buy
buy whatever the fuck you want
and that number is around
40 grand a year something like that
it always changes because what the fuck do these numbers mean
what does 40 grand mean
don't know what that means
but there's a level where it tops off
and after that
you ain't ever gonna be any happier
than you are
the happiness level
the serotonin level
the amount of good mood that you have
it tops off fast
if you know where your next meal is coming from
and if you think
your girlfriend likes you
and
there's a couple of minimal
requirements you need to be really happy
and then you could be making
8 million dollars a week
on top of that and all you're gonna do is go
you're punching your girlfriend
and going do you know what it's like to have 7 million dollars
a week to spare
you don't make it any easier on me
why are you making it so hard
proofs how did you do it
proofs how do you handle
having millions of dollars
you're despicable
how poor I am
considering how awesome I am
I think you're right though
it's the moment when you're really
striving and I think about
I was so desperately poor
when you have those moments
where you go do I buy a pack of cigarettes
or do I buy food today
or what was that
Susan Healy, a comic from San Francisco
used to have a great line where she'd go
the first thought you have when you wake up in the morning
is what in my room can I sell
and then that
that goes away
but then I always think there's another kind of
built-in unhappiness
but what struck me
when you were talking about that was
more than simply being comfortable
or
having enough money to live
the psychopathy
of people who have billions of dollars
who won't desist
like what keeps you going
at the Warren Buffett level
what keeps you going at the mid-long
I can't wait to find out
you know what I mean?
that's when I keep asking myself
do they get up every morning and go fuck you
do they get up and go like
I got a billion
I bought a house last year
with all of my anguish
with all of my sweat and all of my sadness
there's a number value on the house that I bought
and it's bigger than any house
that in Milwaukee
I was like oh I'm one of these people
I'm a douche
Detail's magazine is doing a photo shoot
called TV Mavericks
so they invite me to a photo shoot
some of the people that I love
people that certainly make TV shows that I love
I'm a TV Maverick
so I'm going to be in Detail's magazine
they have
procured a location
we're going to shoot them, let's make it look glamorous
because they're Mavericks
and I show up to this house
I eventually ask the caretakers of the house
what is this house worth
$82.5 million
no fucking way
it's built into the side of a hill
it was ridiculous
because I was walking around that house
and I was starting to go
ah fuck
I should have put my toilet on the ceiling
yeah yeah
what kind of dumb dick am I
but I didn't
why don't I have an avocado server
in my living room
I didn't
at no point was I having happiness
I wasn't thinking like
many doesn't bring fun, that's the weird thing
I was just like ah fuck
I have regular grass
I don't have moss from the Amazon
this guy has moss for grass
the same amount of beer makes you
drunk and the same amount of
I remember feeling
like the king of the county
when I had enough money to buy
myself dinner and somebody else
or enough for a burrito
or enough to buy myself a beer
and tip the bartender
and not pay the 75 cents and the guy like 50
and like
I'm rich with $10 as if I felt with any other amount
of money and that's
a good perspective to have
I think the happiest moment of my life is like
25 years ago
when my wife and I weren't married and I got in a cab
with her after a gig and I remember thinking
she was the woman I wanted
to be with and everything and that
to me is the happiest moment of my life
not getting a big check
or being untellier or any of that fucking
it certainly won't make your parents happy
your parents are never fucking happy
and it's like I made a bunch of money
that's what you wanted right and they were like
don't spend an hour in one place
fucking cock sucker fucker please
murder you
Dan tell them about the google map thing
no I want to tell them a better story
I want to tell them about you
when me and Schrab
it's already a better story
and we would hang out like when we met Jeff
Jeff was a fucking vagabond
a straight up hobo
and we were
soup can on my head
and wearing a barrel
with suspenders on it
I couldn't afford suspenders
I had a spindle on a stick
we'd go over to Schrab's place
and we'd rent a movie
back then you rented movies from a geographic
location that housed
movies in a weird matrix
grid
I want to watch young frankenstein
pulling it from a shelf
like young frankenstein driving it to my
frankenstein player
you guys don't understand what I'm talking
about it was a weird era
it was a lot more acquisition
Walter Brennan still roamed the earth
and we would do it
oh my god he sure did
Jeff was a fun charming guy that we knew in LA
Rob and I had just moved out from Milwaukee
how do you guys from Milwaukee
we woke up one morning
Jeff was gone
there was a note on the coffee table
that said
Dan
tonight I did something
that I will never forgive myself for
you guys left
change on the table from Del Taco
and I took it
I took it because
I'm broke
I love you guys
I'm ashamed of myself
and I promise you
I will give you this money back
it was this beautifully written
in millfield letter
Rob was like
listen to this from Jeff and I was like
Jesus Christ give him a fucking car
what is he what happened
yeah we were all
but Jeff and I was into you
for two grand at one point
and then you were into me and then back and forth
we would like god damn it
you made monster house and had a ton of money
and then like a year later you didn't have a nickel
yeah
you bought centipede and pacman
and then you had the full arcade
stand up centipedes and pacman
for real you bought a centipede and a pacman
yeah
and then he didn't have two quarters to shake together
a year later
but he did have pacman
I've been a puppet
a pirate
before I got
the call that I was going to be on whose line is it anyway
I was evicted by the sheriff from my apartment
and I had to put everything I had on a trash bag
and I lied to a new landlord
that I would have a thousand dollars in ten days
I didn't have any money at all
I had no prospects none
and I just completely lied and I was
thrown out I left a bunch of shit at this place
I really should go pay her back
I never got
she was kind of an asshole
you were one of those guys though that was like
what's going on over there
and you're like California law states that
you're only allowed to evict someone after
you knew
I was ducking and dodging
and I had two trash bags of my most valuable
things and I went to this new place
and the landlord was from London
he goes Jeff I met you
with your friend Matt before
I'm back in ten days just give me a thousand dollars
first and last
and you're good to go
if you want stay in my place until I get there
there's a little shitty back house
in Echo Park it was really cool but it was really tiny
so I'm in this guy's nice house
and I got two trash bags and all I had
was the
45 or yeah 45 cents
I found in my couch
and I knew that I could eat a
burrito that night and I was so happy about that
and I put my bags down and
literally the phone rang and my manager Tracy
has been with me through thick and thin
she goes are you sitting down I was like no
no furniture
there's nothing
I was in the guy's crib and I really literally
had the trash bags I mean she goes
I had been auditioning for Who's London
anyway for three and a half years
it was my fifth audition ever
I fought against you from the beginning
of the process I don't
I don't want to harsh this story at all
you were like you were a real admiral
dark star
and she goes you got the thing
and I go when will they pay me
she goes you work on Tuesday you'll have the money
for the days the day before the guy got back
and I was like okay
Cole and I hung up the phone and I
hit the ground like a sack of
just like a wet sock I would
splat on the ground like not like oh lordy
lordy like not like I just was
out of energy I was like that was it I was
the end of my tether and I was like
I can pay this motherfucker in ten days
I will be alive in ten days
and it was like a couple months later
that everything was fine but like it's a beautiful
thing of getting right to the end of that
I was like I don't want to go work at
Starbucks I'll blow my brains out I can't do it
you hear that Starbucks employees
you have another
option
borrow from Dan Harmon until there's no other
no other recourse
first of all no
oh shit Dan you can
are you gonna rap right now
I thought we were closing
I thought we were closing are we closing
let's close
no we got let's close
we're in the 15 minute window for you guys
to light it up oh no let's just
close
there's gotta be something different
we're not gonna do a scene we're gonna do something different
alright give me a second
I'm gonna think of something
there's no rush baby
no no I know there's no rush
you're rich
you're rich and unhappy
you're gonna die
alright who in the audience is the least
happy
Adam Goldberg
Adam Goldberg shoots his hand up
well okay
hold on
Adam why are you
unhappy
for podcasters at home
I hit myself in the face with the microphone
while being interviewed about why I'm unhappy
so
I thought I wasn't gonna be fired
from my job because my supervisor left
at 7 last weekend I worked
overnight and then I walk in today
and she's holding the transcription pedal I brought
from home and a paycheck with $90
deducted out of it and she's like
oh yeah I meant to email you
but I didn't get around to it
that's been our show everybody thanks for coming
have a great night
Adam come up on stage
come up on stage
Adam Goldberg right?
Adam Goldberg everyone would you?
he's become
something of a mascot for Harmontown
alright I'll ask Bergie
and Nascots
we're gonna try to
end with a scene called
Adam's Valhalla
Adam this is a world where everything that you say
goes
okay the rest of us
like you have a microphone
you stand there
and you're like a god in this world
and the rest of us will obey your whim
the year is 2012
it is September 2012
an attractive woman
comes up to me and says oh your spine looks normal
and not weird
is that a hunch?
you're just being a sex monster
I have a hunch that I am a sex monster
I'd like to yield to you
almost immediately
my name's Yolanda
I have a size 18 waist
get going
let's make it size 20
now
I just expanded
I
I'm trying to be the straight man
despite my geekily tendencies
and puffed out cheeks
no absolutely
in my perfect world
I see my buddy Dan Harmon
he's combed his hair for the very first time
just on my account
I'm with you Adam
on that one
by the way I didn't
he's my fantasy world
I'm trying to get you to comb your hair
this was the best way
that I thought I could give you a slight
personal grooming tip was to
end Harmontown
I can only get through to you
through podcasts
I'm not psycho
no you're god right now
you're not psycho
Dan Harmon doesn't look good
I don't look good
easy a lot though
Adam what else
what can we do
I'm a simple man
I like the rag
that you use to wash your car
I doubt you
you've washed your own car
have you washed your own car
I have Dan yes
if you buy one of those discount rags
you can't use that rag again
I just want a car
rag that you can reuse
I'm down
the one you use
you use it and then you're like
it's all grey
I don't want to put that on my car
exactly
to dream
the impossible dream
to wash my car
where the dust always goes
you can't live in the valley
it is very dusty
keep going
to wash out that car
to be employed
with health benefits
for my spine
to dream
I do not have
as pictures I'm weird
there is a difference
my voice is cracking
that's been Harmontown you guys
thanks for coming
Adam Goldberg
dreaming big
thank you so much
one more time for great poops everybody
would you
Spencer our
Dungeon Master
also Katie Levine
audio recording Zac McKeever tech
Emily Gordon producer Daniel Cramer
program director Dustin Marshall
podcast producer Mo Fatalbab
onsite director Jenny Fine
our fine artist I've been
one more time for your mayor
Mr. Dan Harmon
thank you so much
I hope all of your cars have not been towed
and when you get into your car
I urge you
to reach down between your legs
and ease
the seat bag
thank you